Dynamic protocols switching (#113)
nrfconnect/ncs-zigbee: docs/includes/matter_extension_limitations.txt

As a proof of concept, the Matter extension has the following limitations:

* The 802.15.4 radio is time-shared, never concurrent: once the device runs on Matter, Zigbee is torn down until the active protocol changes again.

>   Returning to Zigbee is supported by a long button press (when ``CONFIG_ZIGBEE_MATTER_COEXISTENCE_BUTTON_SWITCH`` is enabled) or by removing the last Matter fabric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Returning to Zigbee is supported by a long button press (when ``CONFIG_ZIGBEE_MATTER_COEXISTENCE_BUTTON_SWITCH`` is enabled) or by removing all Matter fabrics from the device.
```

>   A Matter factory reset also returns the device to Zigbee and wipes Matter storage.

Reviewer: Is it true, if we set `ZIGBEE_MATTER_PROTOCOL_STATE_DEFAULT_MATTER`?

Author: Yes, that's the case currently. I will change it to use `ZIGBEE_MATTER_PROTOCOL_STATE_DEFAULT_PROTOCOL` on factory reset as well, which I think it's more consistent.

>   Removing all Matter fabrics or triggering a Matter factory reset wipes Matter storage and resets the persisted protocol to the value selected by ``CONFIG_ZIGBEE_MATTER_PROTOCOL_STATE_DEFAULT_PROTOCOL``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  To switch back to Zigbee, ensure the ``CONFIG_ZIGBEE_MATTER_COEXISTENCE_BUTTON_SWITCH`` Kconfig option is enabled, then long-press the button.
  Removing all Matter fabrics or triggering a Matter factory reset wipes Matter storage and resets the persisted protocol to the value selected by the ``CONFIG_ZIGBEE_MATTER_PROTOCOL_STATE_DEFAULT_PROTOCOL`` Kconfig option.
```

> * The Matter extension cannot be combined with the :ref:`Multiprotocol Bluetooth LE extension <zigbee_light_switch_sample_nus>` (``overlay-multiprotocol_ble.conf``) or with the Zigbee-only FOTA build (``FILE_SUFFIX=fota``).

Reviewer 2: additional suggestion
```suggestion
* You cannot combine the Matter extension with the :ref:`Multiprotocol Bluetooth LE extension <zigbee_light_switch_sample_nus>` (``overlay-multiprotocol_ble.conf``) or with the Zigbee-only FOTA build (``FILE_SUFFIX=fota``).
```
